src/en/community/events/2023/ceph-days-nyc/index.md, before:

---
title: Ceph Days NYC
date: 2023-02-21
end: 2023-02-21
location: 120 Park Ave, New York, NY 10165
venue: Bloomberg
image: "/assets/bitmaps/ceph-days.png"
sponsors:
  - label: Platinum
    list:
      - name: Bloomberg
        logo: "/assets/bitmaps/logo-bloomberg.png"
        website: "https://bloomberg.com"
tags:
  - ceph days
---

## Bringing Ceph to NYC!

Come find out why leading enterprises are adopting Ceph, why Ceph is the lowest cost per gig storage solution, and how easy it is to deploy your own Ceph cluster!

### Event description

A full-day event dedicated to sharing Ceph’s transformative power and fostering the vibrant Ceph community.

The expert Ceph team, Ceph’s customers and partners, and the Ceph community join forces to discuss things like the status of the Ceph project, recent Ceph project improvements and roadmap, and Ceph community news. The day ends with a networking reception, to foster more Ceph learning.

Registration will be available this week Join the Ceph announcement list, or follow Ceph on social media for updates:

- [Ceph Announcement list](https://lists.ceph.io/postorius/lists/ceph-announce.ceph.io/)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ceph)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ceph/)
- [FaceBook](https://www.facebook.com/cephstorage/)

<a class="button" href="https://survey.zohopublic.com/zs/r0D7ew">Submit CFP</a>

## Important Dates:

- CFP Opens: 2022-12-01
- CFP Closes: 2023-01-01
- Speakers receive confirmation of acceptance: 2023-01-16
- Schedule Announcement: 2023-01-23
- Event Date: 2023-02-21

Commit message:

community/events: Add Ceph Days NYC registration link
Signed-off-by: Mike Perez <thingee@gmail.com>

src/en/community/events/2023/ceph-days-nyc/index.md, after:

---
title: Ceph Days NYC
date: 2023-02-21
end: 2023-02-21
location: 120 Park Ave, New York, NY 10165
venue: Bloomberg
image: "/assets/bitmaps/ceph-days.png"
sponsors:
  - label: Platinum
    list:
      - name: Bloomberg
        logo: "/assets/bitmaps/logo-bloomberg.png"
        website: "https://bloomberg.com"
tags:
  - ceph days
---

## Bringing Ceph to NYC!

Come find out why leading enterprises are adopting Ceph, why Ceph is the lowest cost per gig storage solution, and how easy it is to deploy your own Ceph cluster!

### Event description

A full-day event dedicated to sharing Ceph’s transformative power and fostering the vibrant Ceph community.

The expert Ceph team, Ceph’s customers and partners, and the Ceph community join forces to discuss things like the status of the Ceph project, recent Ceph project improvements and roadmap, and Ceph community news. The day ends with a networking reception, to foster more Ceph learning.

Space is limited, so register soon.

<a class="button" href="https://go.bloomberg.com/attend/invite/ceph-days-nyc">Register</a>

Join the Ceph announcement list, or follow Ceph on social media for updates:

- [Ceph Announcement list](https://lists.ceph.io/postorius/lists/ceph-announce.ceph.io/)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ceph)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ceph/)
- [FaceBook](https://www.facebook.com/cephstorage/)

## Important Dates:

- CFP Opens: 2022-12-01
- CFP Closes: 2023-01-01
- Speakers receive confirmation of acceptance: 2023-01-16
- Schedule Announcement: 2023-01-23
- Event Date: 2023-02-21
