README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="https://i2.wp.com/ceph.io/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/Ceph_Logo_Standard_RGB_120411_fa.png?resize=322%2C148&ssl=1" alt="Ceph" /></p>

# ceph.io

Static website for [ceph.io](https://ceph.io). Built with [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev).

## Requirements

- [**Node.js**](https://nodejs.org/en/) v14.2.0 (includes **npm** v6.14.4)

Earlier versions of Node and npm will also work, but we recommend using these versions for consistency between builds and environments.

We use [`nvm`](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to manage Node versions when working locally, and run the `nvm use` command before getting started in development.

## Getting started

### Install

```
$ npm install
```

Install all dependencies, as specified in `package.json`. The majority of these are `devDependencies`, which cover any packages used during development and build processes. Packages installed as `dependencies` are those intended to be shipped to end-users as part of the built product.

### Learn more

Eleventy is a simple static site generator built on Node.js. It's a fast and flexible alternative to Jekyll and Hugo, and sits nicely alongside modern web projects. Visit the [Eleventy docs](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/) for detailed feature information and example projects.

## Local development

```
$ npm start
```

Serve the site in development mode at `localhost:8080`, watching for changes. The site will automatically rebuild and refresh when files change.

Under the hood, this is running Eleventy with the `--serve` flag. For more information, see [Command line usage](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/usage/) docs.

## Build for production

```
$ npm run build
```

Build the site for production. This will build, optimise and generate a complete build package for deployment on any static web host.

Files are output to the `dist` directory, which is excluded from version control.

## Debugging

```
$ npm run debug
```

Run a build with a verbose log of information on files and data being processed. This can be helpful for troubleshooting issues during development or when deploying via CI.

More information is available in the [Debugging](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/debugging/) docs.

## Deployment

[TBC]

Commit message:

Add a note re: prebuild script to READMe

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="https://i2.wp.com/ceph.io/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/Ceph_Logo_Standard_RGB_120411_fa.png?resize=322%2C148&ssl=1" alt="Ceph" /></p>

# ceph.io

Static website for [ceph.io](https://ceph.io). Built with [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev).

## Requirements

- [**Node.js**](https://nodejs.org/en/) v14.2.0 (includes **npm** v6.14.4)

Earlier versions of Node and npm will also work, but we recommend using these versions for consistency between builds and environments.

We use [`nvm`](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to manage Node versions when working locally, and run the `nvm use` command before getting started in development.

## Getting started

### Install

```
$ npm install
```

Install all dependencies, as specified in `package.json`. The majority of these are `devDependencies`, which cover any packages used during development and build processes. Packages installed as `dependencies` are those intended to be shipped to end-users as part of the built product.

### Learn more

Eleventy is a simple static site generator built on Node.js. It's a fast and flexible alternative to Jekyll and Hugo, and sits nicely alongside modern web projects. Visit the [Eleventy docs](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/) for detailed feature information and example projects.

## Local development

```
$ npm start
```

Serve the site in development mode at `localhost:8080`, watching for changes. The site will automatically rebuild and refresh when files change.

Under the hood, this is running Eleventy with the `--serve` flag. For more information, see [Command line usage](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/usage/) docs.

## Build for production

```
$ npm run build
```

Build the site for production. This will build, optimise and generate a complete build package for deployment on any static web host.

Files are output to the `dist` directory, which is excluded from version control.

:warning: **Important to note:** The `npm run build` action is intended for the build server and production environment only. Building the site isn't necessary during development. Running a build will initiate [`scripts/prebuild.js`](https://github.com/ceph/ceph.io/blob/develop/scripts/images.js), which is responsible for duplicating any missing pages from the default language site (`en-GB`) to all supporting language sites (as determined by the `_data/locales`). This additional script ensures that we have content parity across all sites in production, falling back to English where content is not available. The files generated across the supporting language site directories should not be committed to version control.

## Debugging

```
$ npm run debug
```

Run a build with a verbose log of information on files and data being processed. This can be helpful for troubleshooting issues during development or when deploying via CI.

More information is available in the [Debugging](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/debugging/) docs.

## Deployment

[TBC]
