src/en/community/events/2022/cephalocon-portland/index.md, before:

---
title: Cephalocon 2022
date: 2022-04-05
end: 2022-04-07
location: Portland, Oregon + Virtual
venue: Hyatt Regency 375 NE Holladay St, Portland, OR 97232
image: "/assets/bitmaps/cephalocon-2022-hero.png"
sponsors:
  - label: Platinum sponsors
    list:
      - name: Intel
        logo: "/assets/bitmaps/logo-intel.png"
        website: "https://intel.com"
      - name: SoftIron
        logo: "/assets/bitmaps/logo-softiron.png"
        website: "https://softiron.com"
  - label: Silver sponsors
    list:
      - name: Canonical
        logo: "/assets/bitmaps/logo-ubuntu.png"
        website: "https://canonical.com"

tags:
  - cephalocon
---

Cephalocon is the premier yearly event that brings together the global community of operators, developers, and researchers for Ceph, the open source distributed storage system designed to provide excellent performance, reliability, and scalability. Join new and existing community members from around the world to learn more about Ceph and the future of the project from the developers writing the code and the operators deploying it at scale.

- **Developer Summit**: April 5th
- **Cephalocon**: April 6-7th
- **CFP opens**: Friday, November 5th
- **CFP closes**: Sunday, December 19th at 11:59 PST

<a class="button" href="https://events.linuxfoundation.org/cephalocon/register/" rel="noreferrer noopener" target="_blank">Register</a>
<a class="button" href="https://events.linuxfoundation.org/sponsor-ceph22" rel="noreferrer noopener" target="_blank">Sponsor Cephalocon</a>

Commit message:

community/events: Add updated text and schedule for Cephalocon

src/en/community/events/2022/cephalocon-portland/index.md, after:

---
title: Cephalocon 2022
date: 2022-04-05
end: 2022-04-07
location: Portland, Oregon + Virtual
venue: Hyatt Regency 375 NE Holladay St, Portland, OR 97232
image: "/assets/bitmaps/cephalocon-2022-hero.png"
sponsors:
  - label: Platinum sponsors
    list:
      - name: Intel
        logo: "/assets/bitmaps/logo-intel.png"
        website: "https://intel.com"
      - name: SoftIron
        logo: "/assets/bitmaps/logo-softiron.png"
        website: "https://softiron.com"
  - label: Silver sponsors
    list:
      - name: Canonical
        logo: "/assets/bitmaps/logo-ubuntu.png"
        website: "https://canonical.com"

tags:
  - cephalocon
---

We can’t wait to gather the Ceph community again in person, and we’re sure you feel the same way. We had hoped to do this April 5-7, but unfortunately, given the current COVID-19 pandemic wave, we feel that this may not be the right time to gather in person.

We want to ensure a safe experience onsite for participants, and make sure as many people that want to join us feel safe in doing so. Thus, we’ve made the difficult decision to postpone Cephalocon 2022 until later this year. We are reviewing date options with the venue and our partners, and will share the new event dates shortly. In the meantime, we are excited to announce the schedule is live!

Cephalocon is the premier yearly event that brings together the global community of operators, developers, and researchers for Ceph, the open source distributed storage system designed to provide excellent performance, reliability, and scalability. Join new and existing community members from around the world to learn more about Ceph and the future of the project from the developers writing the code and the operators deploying it at scale.

- **Developer Summit**: TBD
- **Cephalocon**: TBD
- **CFP opens**: Friday, November 5th
- **CFP closes**: Sunday, December 19th at 11:59 PST

<a class="button" href="https://ceph2022.sched.com/" rel="noreferrer noopener" target="_blank">Schedule</a>
<a class="button" href="https://events.linuxfoundation.org/cephalocon/register/" rel="noreferrer noopener" target="_blank">Register</a>
<a class="button" href="https://events.linuxfoundation.org/sponsor-ceph22" rel="noreferrer noopener" target="_blank">Sponsor Cephalocon</a>
