src/en/community/events/2025/ceph-day-seattle/index.md, before:

---
title: Ceph Days Seattle 2025
date: 2025-05-15
end: 2025-05-15
location: Seattle, United States
venue: TBD
image: "/assets/bitmaps/ceph-days.png"
sponsors:
  - label:
    list:
      - name: OSNEXUS
        logo: /assets/bitmaps/logo-osnexus.png
  - label:
    list:
      - name: CLYSO
        logo: /assets/bitmaps/logo-clyso.png
tags:
  - ceph days
---

### Bringing Ceph to Seattle 

A full-day event dedicated to sharing Ceph's transformative power and fostering
the vibrant Ceph community with the community in Seattle!

The expert Ceph team, Ceph's customers and partners, and the Ceph community
join forces to discuss things like the status of the Ceph project, recent Ceph
project improvements and roadmap, and Ceph community news. The day ends with
a networking reception.

## Important Dates

- **CFP Opens:** 2025-03-30
- **CFP Closes:** 2025-04-25
- **Speakers receive confirmation of acceptance:** 2025-04-30
- **Schedule Announcement:** 2025-05-05
- **Event Date:** 2025-05-15

<a class="button" href="https://forms.gle/qQdBPe6qsuU2TSq67">CFP Open!</a>

Commit message:

ceph-day-seattle: add venue and registration link
Signed-off-by: Dan van der Ster <dan.vanderster@clyso.com>

src/en/community/events/2025/ceph-day-seattle/index.md, after:

---
title: Ceph Days Seattle 2025
date: 2025-05-15
end: 2025-05-15
location: Seattle, United States
venue: SURF Incubator Event Space, 999 3rd Ave, Suite 700, Seattle, WA 98104
image: "/assets/bitmaps/ceph-days.png"
sponsors:
  - label:
    list:
      - name: OSNEXUS
        logo: /assets/bitmaps/logo-osnexus.png
  - label:
    list:
      - name: CLYSO
        logo: /assets/bitmaps/logo-clyso.png
tags:
  - ceph days
---

### Bringing Ceph to Seattle 

A full-day event dedicated to sharing Ceph's transformative power and fostering
the vibrant Ceph community with the community in Seattle!

The expert Ceph team, Ceph's customers and partners, and the Ceph community
join forces to discuss things like the status of the Ceph project, recent Ceph
project improvements and roadmap, and Ceph community news. The day ends with
a networking reception.

## Important Dates

- **CFP Opens:** 2025-03-30
- **CFP Closes:** 2025-04-25
- **Speakers receive confirmation of acceptance:** 2025-04-30
- **Schedule Announcement:** 2025-05-05
- **Event Date:** 2025-05-15

<a class="button" href="https://forms.gle/qQdBPe6qsuU2TSq67">Apply to be a Presenter!</a>

<a class="button" href="https://osnexus.regfox.com/ceph-days-seattle-2025">Register to Attend!</a>
